todo.md, before:

# to do so i wont forget
1. photobook
    -use sql
    -flask & python maybe to extract image data
    -store data into sql
    -query and retrieve to show back on frontend
    -all photos should by hyperlinked(idk where to store photos yet)
    -implement better image loading technique and automate images
2. music player
    -sql for database also

SET MINIMIZED TO FALSE WHEN CLICKING ON PLAYLIST ITEM

ADD CIRCLE AND BLUR FILTER AROUND SVG

BUG WHEN HOVERING NAVBAR MENU NAVBAR IS IN BACKGROUND OR SMTH

make admin route for uploading data(music/pictures)

add logo flip to line when scrolling down

use login page as redirect when trying to upload, also use as redirect when trying to add like or comment after functionality implemented

remove admin page

upload page should only be accessible to my uid jwt token

create search component for music playlist and gallery

create filter component for gallery

let users set username and possibly change username in the future

maybe add a realtime chat for each user profile if scaled

settings page for change password, email, username

in settings page, use popups for changing and reuse auth; make sure to have popup for log in first

on register page, redirect to home page if session exists; user must log out first

like button and like count to the right of spotify button on music page

add loading icons to playlist and gallery when fetching asynchronously from database

add a section in settings to connect github to user account if github not connected yet in current user's account

register form has a back functionality and shows login form again

forgot password form has a back functionality and shows login form again

for the upload forms, disable component/button clicks when uploading state is true
possibly do the same for auth forms^

if no user session from redux store present, and user clicks on either upload, like, or attempts to comment, or live chat functionality in the future(?) and sends a live chat, then send to login page

on register submit, return to user saying to check email

user slice for redux store; on confirm email and redirect, update user slice again

const { data: { user } } = await supabase.auth.getUser() for checking user

const { data, error } = await supabase.auth.signUp(
  {
    email: 'example@email.com',
    password: 'example-password',
    options: {
      data: {
        first_name: 'John',
        age: 27,
      }
    }
  }
) for signup with additional data; probably add username and birth date ?

Commit message:

updated session slice and dispatching and also updated todo regarding it

todo.md, after:

# to do
1. photobook
    -flask & python maybe to extract image data
    -store data into sql
    -query and retrieve to show back on frontend
    -all photos should by hyperlinked(currently do not have the funds to buy any bucket... [currently broke])
    -implement better image loading technique and automate images

SET MINIMIZED TO FALSE WHEN CLICKING ON PLAYLIST ITEM

ADD CIRCLE AND BLUR FILTER AROUND SVG

BUG WHEN HOVERING NAVBAR MENU NAVBAR IS IN BACKGROUND OR SMTH

make admin route for uploading data(music/pictures)

add logo flip to line when scrolling down

use login page as redirect when trying to upload, also use as redirect when trying to add like or comment after functionality implemented

remove admin page

upload page should only be accessible to my uid jwt token

create search component for music playlist and gallery

create filter component for gallery

let users set username and possibly change username in the future

maybe add a realtime chat for each user profile if scaled

settings page for change password, email, username

in settings page, use popups for changing and reuse auth; make sure to have popup for log in first

on register page, redirect to home page if session exists; user must log out first

like button and like count to the right of spotify button on music page

add loading icons to playlist and gallery when fetching asynchronously from database

add a section in settings to connect github to user account if github not connected yet in current user's account

register form has a back functionality and shows login form again

forgot password form has a back functionality and shows login form again

for the upload forms, disable component/button clicks when uploading state is true
possibly do the same for auth forms^

if no user session from redux store present, and user clicks on either upload, like, or attempts to comment, or live chat functionality in the future(?) and sends a live chat, then send to login page

on register submit, return to user saying to check email

user slice for redux store; on confirm email and redirect, update user slice again

const { data: { user } } = await supabase.auth.getUser() for checking user

const { data, error } = await supabase.auth.signUp(
  {
    email: 'example@email.com',
    password: 'example-password',
    options: {
      data: {
        first_name: 'John',
        age: 27,
      }
    }
  }
) for signup with additional data; probably add username and birth date ?



REMOVE SESSION SLICE?? already server side in supabase
